SENG 513 Assignment 3 Reflection - Eugene Lee (30137489)
- This was my first ever JavaScript code/project, so definitely was a new experience
- Had a slow start initally with the learning curve, but got smoother as I learned the DOM structure of JavaScript and got used to the syntax
- First fully fleshed out game I have ever made also, so I had fun with it and I enjoyed it
- The major thing I had to learn to get the JavaScript part working was to use event handlers and listeners to connect JavaScript functions to the HTML, in order to actually update the values and display results dynamically
- I learned a lot about JavaScript in general, from its variable types, creating functions, conditionals, accessing HTML, ternary operators, comparisons, logical operators, and so on
- It also gave me a lot more experience in HTML and CSS, with how to make elements visually appealing, using media quaries and vw to make the page responsive, using CSS to create animations, and learned how there are so much more possibilities with HTML and CSS when it is combined together with JavaScript
- I had various challenges throughout the whole process. There were various types of challenges, including technical, design-wise, and logical problem. 
    - Technical problems: lots of bugs in the code that were caused by the various state changes through the gameplay, used a lot of "console.log" to locate the errors and debug. Was a challenge to get the dice animation and retrieving its final value each time. 
    - Design problems: had challenges on where each element should go, to not overcrowd, make it responsive, minimize unnecessary white space, make designs clear and intuitive, and connect/incorporate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript properly. The progress bar was a pain overall to make it look nice and to work properly.
    - Logical problems: similar to technical problems, was hard to keep the game states correct as things constantly changed, such as the current player, turn total, game total, target score, and so on. Had to ensure that every time there is a data change or new assignment, every aspect involved are updated accordingly. 
- It was more involved and challenging than I initially expected, lots of moving parts, so I had to cut out some very extra features I initially considered, but still incorporated all the crucial parts and most of the additional features. I only left out features that were completely optional and just "cool" to have but not necessary in any means. I thought the game would be a bit simple so wanted to incorporate additional features, and I think I was able to manage it to be the perfect level of complexity where I was engaged and challenged the whole time. 
- The final product is very similar to the initial design, and I followed pretty closely. Of course there are minor changes that I deemed necessary as I made the game functional, but it is mostly identical. The slight changes I made, such as the turn arrow / background color change, they improve the overall quality of the game.
- I did not really use AI too much as it was my first JavaScript project and I actually wanted to learn the different moving parts of the language. I only used it to search up syntax, different functions, or to brainstorm ideas. I always use it as a tool to assist me, but not complete my work for me. I have to do it myself to actually learn from it and gain knowledge. 